so pewdiepie caught on to one of my
videos i copyright claimed my own
youtube video to get it re-monetized
youtube 2019 everyone that was cool you
can check that video out here it's just
blowing up right now i don't know if
it's because of him or just because of
the fact that he's talked about it it's
blown up everywhere on reddit everyone's
been sending it to me i don't know the
reason this is mostly a comedy channel
and i didn't think that such a serious
video would do well maybe i'm in the
wrong field i don't know maybe i should
try being serious again you guys have a
lot of questions about things that i
didn't answer in the video so today i'm
going to kind of go over those and
respond to some of the not nicer
comments there's going to be a little
different for my normal videos it's
going to be unscripted i want more of a
genuine reaction to your reactions i
just thought that'd be fun and the
algorithm is favoring me right now so
let's do it so what's stopping you from
making another account claiming it again
and getting 66 of the revenue this is
the most common comment i've seen on
this video but if you also make a
different intro song you can claim the
video twice and earn more percent since
it's two claims versus one would this
work yeah like go for it i really don't
know how many claims you can actually
make on a single video that'd be an
interesting experiment to do can you add
four songs and get four fists yeah i
mean it's the same comment people are
taking this super big brain like you go
too big brain and then it becomes
ridiculous why claim it once and get
fifty percent of the revenue when you
could claim it nine times it get ninety
percent of the revenue what if i made 99
accounts and claimed 99 of the revenue i
mean yes but but why why would you want
to go to that trouble yes technically
you can do that but that would also
require you to create 99 different songs
and feature them all for at least 20
seconds in your video so up to you i
mean sounds like more effort than it's
worth but i'm sure somebody's going to
try it just get a sponsor or something
that was actually something a couple
people were pissed off about for some
reason i promoted a sponsor in that
video this particular comment was more
hateful than usual he says this is a
complete garbage video with well-known
information hidden behind clickbait and
ad sponsors stretched to exactly 10
minutes and 2 seconds so you could
additionally cash in on mid-roll ads
true trash
i go to his channel and the first thing
i see 11-minute video with an ad
sponsorship in the first leg minute
available now on plex media server the
greatest hit movies ever to be released
in the public domain okay like for the
most part i can deal with all your
videos suck all you do is clickbait i
mean yes but um i want to get views
that's kind of the point of making
videos you want your ideas to be seen i
didn't mislead with my video i just
wanted my video to be seen by the most
amount of people possible like talking
about the issues that youtube has with
copyright and money everyone was like
hell yeah let's fix monetization on
youtube it's not fixed but let's fix it
wait is that a [__] ad is that a
[__] ad did you seriously sponsor a
video this guy this guy trying to make
money doing something honest and decent
yeah there's a lot shady or ways i could
have made money on youtube you're gonna
complain about a sponsorship on a video
like that okay this comment i feel is
like directed at my character and i know
talking about it is just going to give
him the attention that he wants but [__]
it i'm pissed this is an annoying
comment this video was formulated to
spark outrage and cash in on it and for
that i will commend you because you did
an amazing job and it's true talent to
produce such high quality and revenue
generating trash
it really doesn't take any talent to
generate revenue all you need is a
salad dot io today's sponsor salad io is
an app that generates real life money
using your computer's gpu take it from a
piece of trash like me it requires no
talent just download the app at the link
in the description run the app click the
start button and it'll automatically
start generating you revenue which you
can redeem for things like discord nitro
visa paypal gift cards amazon gift cards
raid shadow legends
that's a sponsor for another day point
is it's a crypto miner made for gamers
anytime you're afk hit the button free
money after you've saved up enough money
just click the thing and boom easy
discord nitro any piece of trash like me
can do it so it's like a crypto miner i
know a lot of you guys had some concerns
about this last time i promoted their
product and i just want to be totally
open with what exactly it is for example
salad uses electricity and that costs
money if you're overclocking your pc and
using it improperly you can actually do
some damage to your pc so i do recommend
researching a little bit so make sure
it's right for you before downloading i
put a resource to some information about
it in the description or if you have any
other questions you can also join their
discord in the description there's tons
of helpful people there to answer any of
your questions totally unbiased as well
they're not paid all right back to the
video so this guy messaged me on twitter
he's a creator of midi city which is the
website that i used to create my song
hey guys this is my new outro song and
uh he received a false copyright notice
that someone filed on his behalf he said
the claim is that you shared a link to
illegally download midi city which is
impossible since it's a website on this
video and then it links to my video he
says i replied back saying i didn't make
the claim all the info provided like my
middle name and address are wrong so
someone must be trying to mess with you
yeah someone's been with me don't please
and then he sent a screenshot of a
copyright infringement notification he
got you guys are really helping to prove
this whole like youtube's broken thing
why is somebody able to do this
why does he talk in 1.25 times speed i'm
just trying to make the video concise i
don't know how else to talk and do that
i hate it when people stall and they
don't talk enough first of all the video
was 10 minutes and 2 seconds and i'm
like non-stop talking throughout the
entire video people said that i tried to
like intentionally stretch it but really
i actually had a lot more than 10
minutes of content and i compressed it
down as much as i could to 10 minutes
ace makes a song me this isn't so bad
ace adds lyrics oh my god what is this
unholy abomination would you be upset if
i claimed this video i mean it would
kind of prove my point so i would be mad
if i wasn't so impressed that you
actually did it so can i claim this
video i'm not gonna do it unless i get
permission no don't claim my video
please this doesn't happen in the
communist countries where people have to
steal their own stuff but i stole my own
video that that's what's happening where
can i find outro on spotify it's taken a
little bit of time for it to get up on
spotify and itunes and sometimes it
takes like even one or two months just
keep waiting i know you guys want that
song real bad
stop kappa he's going to find a way
around kappa just you wait i'll do it
step one i'm gonna
swear in my videos step one uh click the
no button on the is this video for kids
thingy i just saved the world you're
welcome whoa paige just freaked out i
broke youtube youtube recommending this
to me hey wanna see how broken our
system is guys we should raid youtube hq
this month thank you guys for the mostly
positive comments i know the majority of
the comments are really supportive and
you guys understand what i'm trying to
do for youtube thank you to the people
who spread this video on reddit it's
really cool and huge thanks to felix for
actually featuring our video to his
channel on hawaii felix if you don't
remember me i'm the guy from the
elevator at pax i left my mom behind and
then harassed you with my camera you
caught me in the elevator congrats i'm
sure you have some wonderful memories
from that thank you guys for watching
this video it's very different from what
i usually do but if you enjoyed it let
me know in the comments go ahead and
click on this video if you want to see
more i don't have a script so i don't
know what the video i'm promoting is but
click it subscribe today become an asol
and as always keep it fresh
[Music]
what's wrong with my exposure there we
go that might be bad i don't know it's
my the sun's coming through my window i
live in seattle it's not supposed to
happen